Hi, Evan.

I want to preface by saying that I have a very hard time imagining things visually, so I may suggest something, but until I see it, I can’t say for sure that I will like it, which I am sure has been super fun for you! But the main thing is that when I am online these days, I feel like the website you’ve created is better than 90% of the ones I interact with!!!


I’ve attached the document with the suggested changes. I didn’t see your instructions for editing it until after I had done everything, so while I did go back and try to do it that way, I may not have done it all exactly how you suggested. I did not change the font sizes in the document, but I did make suggestions for adjusted sizes in the table at the top of the document. I wanted to show you this website because I think these sizes look pretty good: https://kinderground.org/. I also think we should add the Facebook icon at the bottom like that site has. Here is the link to the Facebook page (not fully set up yet, but I can work on it over the break): https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61582852599484. 

Also along the lines of that website I shared, I am wondering if we could color block the sections a bit more, and maybe some could have a darker background with lighter font (if that’s still accessible). I think focusing on the colors in the logo (#FBF2E9, #C39778, #BC6547, #483129) as the background and font colors and then using the teal (I used this specific one in the outreach materials #3D4F52) and rose colors as the buttons and accents would be perfect. I also wonder if we should make some of the layouts asymmetrical just for visual variety. I’m not sure if any of the outreach materials would spark ideas.

Finally, I’ve included a photo of myself below that we could add to the About Us section (maybe move the text box to the left and put the photo to the right with a caption that says, “Dr. Maureen Templeman, Founder”).

Hopefully, this does not add too much work to your plate. If it does, just do whatever you think will be most impactful and we can worry about the rest another time! Thanks so much!